hello this is xboxahoy and this is
episode 36 of my modern warfare 2 weapon
guides this time around we bid farewell
to the SMGs as we cover the last
available the many using the mini uz is
a fully automatic weapon unlocked at
level 44
it's an Israeli weapon and is a
scaled-down version of the larger Guzzi
submachine gun named for its creator
major Uziel ghoul of the IDF the uz was
officially adopted by Israel in 1951 and
entered service in 1954 it has long
served as an effective personal defense
weapon for tank crews and special forces
the compact mini uz variant was first
seen in 1980 with a high rate of fire in
a more concealable package it fires the
9 by 19 millimetre parabellum cartridge
typical for a submachine gun the mini
Uzi is a mid damage SMG with a high rate
of fire it compares most closely to the
p90 boasting a high rate of fire but
with a smaller magazine capacity the
rate of fire is second only to the
vector but the mini uz deals more damage
of clothes which can make a difference
when you factor in the potential for
headshots a mini uz with stopping power
will kill in two shots where one is a
headshot the vector is a 3-hit kill
minimum one downside is the relatively
slow reload time it takes a little over
2 seconds to complete and can't be
effectively reload cancelled still you
get 32 rounds so if you're accurate it's
not such an issue and the mini Uzi has
one of the fastest switch times in the
SMG category so you can quickly fall
back to a sidearm if you run into
trouble there are a few available optics
for the mini use II follow personally I
didn't mind the iron sights at all
the red dot sight should be very
familiar and will help you place your
shots and middle to long range a little
better between the red dots and the
holographic I'd probably favor the
holographic it's my preferred choice for
a close-range sight it's it's a little
higher than the red dot sight reducing
the effect of the muzzle flash when
fired unsilenced
which can aid on staying on target the
long range optics aren't really a good
choice for the using the zoom advantage
isn't much help as they prove much
harder to keep on target the ACOG does
perhaps grant better first shot
precision but it isn't something I'd
feel compelled to use over the iron
sights the recoil remains mild but you
won't be as effective up close the same
applies to the thermal scope if you need
assistance to spot enemies through
foliage or smoke at long range with a
mini user you might want to reconsider
your tactics in my work with smoke
grenades against groups of enemies in
the open but more often than not you'd
be better off with a different sight
the rate of fire is pretty fearsome on a
basic mini using however with the
rapid-fire attachment you can increase
it further still it will shave
milliseconds off the time it takes to
kill however this is at the cost of
added recoil and much worse muzzle flash
the Uzi kills quickly enough without the
attachment and you do lose some ability
at the edge of your effective range with
rapid fire so it probably wouldn't be
something I'd use over the other
attachments Kimbo doubles your firepower
but removes any semblance of precision
from the weapon it is very effective up
close for the relatively small magazine
and element of luck which akimbo
introduces means it might not be the
best choice for everyone in any case the
p90 is probably the better choice as or
as akimbo smg's are concerned the
silencer removes the muzzle flash and
keeps you off the radar although this is
at the expense of mid range damage it's
not a bad attachment in all honesty and
if you're flanking an 18-game the
silence of the lounge to take out
enemies without alerting the rest of
their team in more direct aggressive
tactics you might as well go unsilenced
the extra range might come in useful I
generally prefer a none silenced weapon
in pre-pro as the sound of gunfire
usually attracts a parade of victims to
your position FMJ was a solid choice it
was something I had to use for a while
to unlock all the attachments but I
found it to be a perfectly usable choice
the penetration benefit is relatively
small for SMGs but is better than most
of the other attachments with somewhat
superficial effects extended magazines
can be useful due to the fast rate of
fire of the mini you see but you should
take care not to be too liberal with
your trigger finger as you'll only get
two magazines instead of three pad with
scavenger extended mags can be useful
they alleviate the slow reload and give
you a fighting chance against larger
groups of enemies or should your
accuracy leave much to be desired
overall I probably recommend FMJ or the
silencer depending on precisely how
aggressive you plan to be the more
cautious the silencer would be a better
choice otherwise FMJ will serve you well
enough I was playing a lot of
free-for-all with you Z and my preferred
tactic was to maximise my loadout speed
and agility sleight of hand was a must
to improve the reload speed in
free-for-all you don't get long between
engagements of you using an unsilent
weapon so the reduction in reload time
is a lifesaver the pro benefit is useful
too although slider and pro benefits
SMGs the least it does cut aim time to
just 100 milliseconds from 200 and for a
kit designed for speed every millisecond
counts for my red perk light weight was
the obvious choice
although stopping power would enhance
the weapons killing potential in a
straight firefight it was never my
intention to give my opponent sufficient
time to get any shots off so the
increased mobility lightweight grants
was probably the greater benefit the pro
perk also speeds up your transition from
sprinting to a ready to fire stance and
the mini newsy has the fastest race time
of all the SMGs so when paired with
lightweight and sleight of hand you can
go from a full sprint to aiming down the
sights in a fraction of a second if your
shots are accurate your foe simply won't
be quick enough to react unless they're
using a similarly nimble loadout
as with all weapons that require you to
get close to the effective
ninja pro should always be your go-to
perk for your third slot sound is a very
important part of this game and if your
footsteps aloud you'll find your
attempts to retain the element of
surprise will be futile as you'll find
yourself in the sights of enemies
anticipating your arrival be sure to
pack a fast switching secondary with
them in easy as otherwise you might be
left vulnerable
should you be caught in the middle of a
reload the pistols are the fastest
choice and the Magnum has good damage
for a kid without stopping up so it
would be a good choice the faster
switching machine pistols the m93
grafica and Glock 18 could also be used
to a similar effect the mini ez is a
very nimble weapon great for aggressive
tactics and has a good balance between
rate of fire and recoil pad with sleight
of hand and lightweight it's both fast
and furious and will allow you to
dispatch enemies up close before they
have a chance to raise their weapon in
defense thanks for watching this has
been xboxahoy
join me next time for the final weapon
in the launcher category the rpg-7
farewell for now